So I hope that you have
enjoyed the course today.
And we have looked at all kinds
of interesting ways of working
with both Flexbox and
Grid, they can be combined, they can
be nested one inside of each other.
And I hope that some of the work that
you've looked at here have inspired you to
think more and more deeply about the types
of layouts that you can make on your
webpages and how those might
change across media queries.
And if you like this course,
the next one that might make sense for
you to watch would be our
CSS advanced layouts.
Which is here at Front End Masters and
goes through layouts that
are leveraging things like Calc and
CSS custom properties or variables.
It also looks at things like hamburger
buttons built only with CSS, and
it does some work with
responsive tables as well,
all of that would be a great next step for
you once you've watched this course.
Thanks again
>> This person's asking about making
the resume or like,
allowing it to be downloaded and shared.
>> Okay?
So for your resume if you want it to be
downloaded, like somebody wants to save it
to their computer, unfortunately a PDF
is probably the best way to do that.
That's gonna preserve all
your formatting and stuff.
Another way that you could do that
that might be helpful would be to look
at print styles, CSS print styles,
which are I mean, they're similar at CSS.
But it's designed to set up your webpage
such that it's supposed to be printed.
And so when you put it into the print
format inside of your browser,
it could look completely different.
You can take the color out of it.
You could set things up to display in
columns, you can put in page breaks.
There's all kinds of interesting
things that you can do.
With a printed layout, so
that might be another possibility for you.
But Grid is not necessarily gonna address
the ability to download a resume.
>> Yeah, I've seen people like
make a print style sheet and
then you click print, you're on it and
then you can just like print and
then save that as a PDF and
make that available.
>> Yep, absolutely that's true so yeah,
when you go to at least for the Mac,
when you go and you say print,
one of the options is print to a PDF.
And if you have some good print CSS
print styles in place, then that will,
in theory put together a document that
will look great for somebody to download.